One of these days, I'm running to
hands in hand with Koura thinking over,
...Roberto Badé¢
This is the Chikaidan Ensemble of
the king.
He died in leads and scales at the
Year of Chikugoshi in 2600.
He passed away in the year
where he played the Wi-Fi for the minute
Radio Boonbuk Unicompertas had
a chat with our members
I want to live with them.
Today, in the year 1600,
compare the history of the year 2600
between the U.S. and China.
The history of the U.S. and China
has been continued to this day
by the U.S. and China.
Japan is the world's most important empire
in the year 2600.
I think it's not a small thing.
This is not just my opinion.
In the book of the US Columbia University,
it's written in the alphabet
of the moon.
What does it say?
In the Great War of Europe in the 1000s,
Germany, Russia, and the three countries of Austria
have been destroyed.
If you look at the world,
Japan is the only empire
that has the ability to control the world.
Japan is the most powerful empire
in the world.
The great power of the world
was defeated by the Japanese Empire.
Today, the great power of the world
is the Japanese Empire.
The year 2600 is the year of the Emperor.
The Emperor has been in power for 50 years.
The year 2600 and 50 years are equivalent.
The Japanese people who follow this new year
are the people who are the world's most powerful
and the most powerful.